[deckhouse] add docs about release process (#980)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/020-deckhouse/docs/README.md

- **Service for validating Custom Resources**.

  The validation service prevents creating Custom Resources with invalid values or adding such values to the existing Custom Resources. Note that it only tracks Custom Resources managed by Deckhouse modules.

### Deckhouse releases update

> ##### Get Deckhouse releases status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Get Deckhouse releases status
```

> You can get Deckhouse releases list via the command `kubectl get deckhousereleases`. By default, a cluster keeps the last 10 outdated releases and all deployed/pending releases

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can get Deckhouse releases list via the command `kubectl get deckhousereleases`. By default, a cluster keeps the last 10 outdated releases and all deployed/pending releases.
```

Every release can have one of the following statuses:

>   * `Pending` - release is waiting to be deployed: waiting for update window, canary deployment, etc. You can see the detailed status via the `kubectl describe deckhouserelease $name` command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `Pending` - release is waiting to be deployed: waiting for update window, canary deployment, etc. You can see the detailed status via the `kubectl describe deckhouserelease $name` command.
```

  * `Deployed` - release is applied. It means that the Deckhouse image tag was changed, but the update process of all components

> is going asynchronously and could not have been finished yet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is going asynchronously and could not have been finished yet.
```

>   *`Outdated` - release is outdated and not used anymore

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `Outdated` - release is outdated and not used anymore.
```

>   *`Suspended` - release was suspended (for ex. it has an error). Can be set only if `suspended` release was not deployed yet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `Suspended` - release was suspended (for ex. it has an error). Can be set only if `suspended` release was not deployed yet.
```

> ##### Update process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update process
```

When release status is changed to `Deployed` state, release is updating only a tag of the Deckhouse image.
Deckhouse will start checking and updating process of the all modules, which were changed from the last release.
Duration of an update could be different and connected to cluster size, enabled modules count and settings.
Foe example: if you cluster have a lot of `NodeGroup` resources, it will take some time to update them because these resources are updated one by one
`IngressNginxControllers` also updating one by one.

> ##### Manual release deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Manual release deployment
```

- **Service for validating Custom Resources**.

  The validation service prevents creating Custom Resources with invalid values or adding such values to the existing Custom Resources. Note that it only tracks Custom Resources managed by Deckhouse modules.

> ### DeckhouseReleases

Reviewer: I wouldn't say I like the name of the CRD as a title for the doc sections. Does it feel like it would be better to describe what the following section is about?

Author: Changed

> You can get Deckhouse releases list via the command `kubectl get DeckhouseRelease`. By default, cluster keeps last 10 outdated release and all deployed/pending releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get Deckhouse releases list via the command `kubectl get deckhousereleases`. By default, the cluster keeps the last 10 outdated releases and all deployed/pending releases
```

> Every release can have one of the next statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every release can have one of the following statuses:
```

> `Pending` - release is waiting to be deployed: waiting for update window, canary deployment, etc. You can see the detailed status via `kubectl describe DeckhouseRelease $name` command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Pending` - release is waiting to be deployed: waiting for update window, canary deployment, etc. You can see the detailed status via the `kubectl describe deckhouserelease $name` command
```

> `Deployed` - release is applied. It means that Deckhouse image tag was changed, but the update process of the all components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Deployed` - release is applied. It means that the Deckhouse image tag was changed, but the update process of all components
```

> is going asynchronously and could have not been finished yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is going asynchronously and could not have been finished yet
```

`Outdated` - release is outdated and not used anymore

> `Suspended` - release was suspended (for ex. it has an error). Can be set only if `suspended` release was not deployed yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Suspended` - release was suspended (for ex., it has an error). It can be set only if the `suspended` release was not deployed yet
```

---

> ##### Update process

Reviewer: `DeckhouseReleases` has three `#` signs, `Update process` has five, and `Manual release deployment` has four. I have lost the meaning of the numbers. Could you arrange them like the top paragraph has three signs, and the following sections have four?

Author: Changed

> When release status is changed to `Deployed` state, release is updating only a tag of the Deckhouse image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When release status is changed to `Deployed` state, the release updates only a tag of the Deckhouse image.
```

> Deckhouse will start checking and updating process of the all modules, which were changed from the last release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deckhouse will start checking and updating all modules changed from the last release.
```

> Duration of an update could be different and connected to cluster size, enabled modules count and settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The duration of an update could be different and connected to cluster size, enabled modules count, and settings.
```

> Foe example: if you cluster have a lot of `NodeGroup` resources, it will take some time to update them because this resources are updated one by one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: if your cluster has a lot of `NodeGroup` resources, it will take some time to update them because these resources are updated one by one
```

`IngressNginxControllers` also updating one by one

---

#### Manual release deployment
If you have a [manual update mode](usage.html#manual-update-confirmation) enabled and have a few Pending releases,

> you can approve them all at once. In that case Deckhouse will update in series keeping a release order and changing their status during the update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can approve them all at once. In that case, Deckhouse will update in series, keeping a release order and changing their status during the update
```
